oh hi everybody and send back once again
and this video I'm just going to show
you languages that come standard on the
HTC Sense session novice this could
change from opera to operator and also
you know cutting our country to country
etc this is the Vodafone one from the UK
so now if you are buying some bind off
some Y online or I don't know these are
the languages you're gonna get standard
so we'll go to languages and slight
language and as you can see there's not
a massive selection I'll bring it
closing and go through it right it's
obviously you've got your Dutch English
English Spanish two variations two
variations of French and two variations
of Italian that's it there are they -
ones that come standard on that twelve
on again the probably it's going to
probably change from country to country
but the one that's in the UK at the
moment
these are languages that on this finally
were Walmart again we've shown you is a
quick look at Higgs DC's trace feature
which is they're kind of like they're
tick on swipe now I've got a quick play
with it and so it's strangely aware that
you have to go into you if you're not if
you don't know about it then you will
not have a clue see even now I will try
and tie the new keyboard base within the
actual keyboard itself and tressed
keyboard obviously you can turn it on
like turn it off so we'll turn on and
you can choose which color you would
like it
so first purpose here we'll choose
purple because I like the color purple
right so we'll just go to a quick
message and create a new one right so
basically you can be normal typing so
like you know say yeah like hey cetera
one thing I do like on this keyboard is
as you saw there how big that bar is you
know it's not huge but it's not the
smalls like most of them are they're
real you know trying to make you solve
the 4.3 inch screen in terms of the
actual height because base is to a
little bit fatter
it works a little bit better but
basically their implementation in terms
of swipe is obviously you can just go
like that
hey it's some here how are you now as
you can see it's not the slide you put
it's not the most accurate to be fair I
don't like it I know it sounds a bit you
know I don't like it I miss uses swipe
an image because obviously the way that
you know swipe not just their the way
they'd actually created their software
it works whereas I have problems getting
certain words out of this one now that
you can do custom dictionary words like
can doing swipe as well but I mean
naturally said hey you know hey it's Sam
Sam here how are you and it has guided
said of how so if you've betting you
can't do the quick the quick swiping
you've got to bear so they kind of take
it which I'll try and show you got to go
really slow with it and then you can
kind of get you but if you just a few a
fast one
as you saw there you get guide you know
I've added quite a few times on
different words I try to do some short
words and it gives me like a big massive
one it's like hang on I didn't want that
so if you got to go from one side to
like that it run let me give you a big
words the first one sometimes you've got
to drill down into it together one
you're actually one so he sitting not
you to be fair he seemed like he's just
been thrown in there just because they
come first laughs and the shooters paid
for swipe I know they've done in there
American models with on t-mobile so
don't see why they kind of done it on
this you know on their flagship devices
he's meant to be but apart from that
thing you know the normal keyboards
fantastic you know fee normal touch
typing it's great its Subura so the I
mean to be fair the in terms of stock
Rod's I believe the HCC was the best but
I now prefer swipe I had to go to a
stockroom I definitely be installing the
HTC one and this one here is an upgrade
as towards him previously so I'm gonna
quit this one yeah
got any questions again the best place
to ask many questions are on Twitter
some jer pullin requests also on twitter
if you leave comments down below I will
try our best to answer them
so yeah speaks next time just